ma
Atopic dermatitis is one of the most frequent diseases
common
If in the field of dermatology, it stings in 85% of cases
appears at very young ages at five years of age and is a very
frequent consultation of pediatric dermatology services especially
in industrialized countries
thanks to advances in the knowledge of the origin of the disease
the pathogenic and therapeutic mechanisms
because they make the pathology that had today have
a good treatment and I have a good prognosis
about it we want to talk to professor Pablo humberto soto to the chief babies
of the hematology service of the hospital universitari sagrat cor
and director of the institute
pablo a baby in the corachán clinic in barcelona let's chat with him and
we are also going
If you are also working on this talk
for the three dead among them live better points
dear paco peacock baby later on until ricardo welcome you know
what do you know
daily and already in final straight 2010
of atopic dermatitis has progressed a lot since the last time you and
I was talking about the disease so to be done on we know more
we know we know that they will be between a genetic background
i of an appropriate and the artist layer of the horny layer be that is called the row
griñán
and this protein is the one that gives unfair consistency atp this
genetic alteration acts at this level has always tell my patients
who have been born with a dry skin is a skin that is not as normal
lost his night lipid mantle
therefore there is an alteration of the barrier cut until feathers send
lipid makes us not have and that is that we have light litigation
we even have infections but not have this barrier
enter antigen are then produced allergic phenomena and active rita
and therefore it is a problem and we have this continuous lie so of these
patients therefore have dryness
and then they have an appointment sensitivity to many antigens that can be the
pollen
or it can be in the body's proteins
that is, sometimes
that associates post immune problems so we are facing a
disease
immunological genetics
and from developed countries as we are curiously going to see that curious not
it's funny that this question was not done by dermatologists how can
be
it is said that we take care of our children and such posted in an mathematics
atopic that children because they are for example a kid who lives
in the street there
and has a style a double explanation young the worst to the candle if
worst explanation these children is because they have small infections
small and banal
an immune state is created
therefore, the immunity is becoming commonplace until
half asleep but at the same time it is taking memory and the protection of these children
they say the infection
and then the problem we have is that we have an excessive institution
therefore in the stasi mothers that mark that the endorsement with not correct soaps
so this lipid barrier
disappear and this East Tripoli attitude tries the information between
the
in infections etc. etc. we fight children every day or
do not
we fight the children we are all all in agreement but correctly they are
especially with
the thing was taken in a gentle 0 that the best soaps not with oil two days of
atopic dermatitis
and I say mothers
the dirty parts with a very mild soap and the body part soap
can be avoided and then there are some relationships the oils
and then we have the semovientes and then especially when there is inflammation
postponed these formulations in which there are moisturizers and active ingredients not
frankly his
distinguish it from an irritation of information
and do then it is believed that this skin is
as normal as possible we all want 85% everything seems
after five years of grace we talked about d of very young children with whom
mom and children
They want a lot of soap, so I do not fight much and that's what I try very close to
and so go to the pool in cicada florence do before going to the pool
you also have to put is how they come out of the pool especially the chlorine
However, with age, atopic dermatitis prósopon see with
fall element action clearly improves a large group of patients and
the best to cholera
in the little children gathering and feeding were given a lot of importance
once less and less
so many times they take away milk products to get milk from
soy lent will be in discussion
so he said that these children are improving with age
and feeding the child and a little older does not matter at all
so in the newborn in the baby
for talking to each other
and the second question thank you he was not 6 men and without being with age
bashir is improving the band most of them are improving with the
that is to say, although he said that there will be adults who have
exploded copeco for life because there are two types of dermatitis
atopic intrinsic lasers
that the one that is caught by the dust allergy
to the hair of the deal or to
has alluded to pollen
he feels that he is p is that he can fight quite well and then there is the intrinsic
that is an immune disease autum unitaria do all the
body proteins
that they become intolerant and it is more difficult
therefore there are different forms of atopic dermatitis and therefore
different ways to treat and these atopic skins pro knew move are more
vulnerable to infections for example expensive to the proper if this
barrier until hydrolipidic until then address these antigens
I just told you that they can be protected or they can be exogenous
penetrate the skin
and cruise rita action
but also more bacteria can enter and when other bacteria
breaks the balance and this extends these claims responses
pervat itis atopic
and the most frequent verdillos with atopic dermatitis that does not respond to
nothing because until we have not fought infection cui and the
most frequent infection staphylococcus
but there may be other bacteria there may be herpes virus virus
even next viruses with contagions a these very frequent children when a
child comes with some with contagios a text that has a dermatitis behind
atopic so these children need to know what kind of infection
if the fungal infection gossip bacterial infection
if it is a viral infection
and here is in the work of the dermatologist the recent leadership kind of
infection is treated that is that of simple treatment navarro the
Atopic dermatitis have a good diagnosis knowing exactly what
terawatts wishing we were talking but I would say it's mostly
educational especially to the mother
and the problem and especially
the false myths that there are
I was the mother doctor of euros what you want but you give me cortisone error
Topical cortisone has no side effects
if they give for example a medium corticoid
that does not pass 20 30 grams a week does not have any control side effects
doctor I want and followed corticoids the only thing that will answer 1 29%
because for many emollients, therefore, of rodri mo that is not given to the
adequate prescription
this of the corticoids
sun counterproductive as we speak rural for a while but not topic
the topics of the minister 2
also today
We apply for example formulations with lactate ammonia amp with acid
salicylic
that maybe almost side effects
you have to know which areas that the folds for example can give stretch marks if there
that instruct and educate the mother therefore only the nuance atopic
Dermatologist resolves the outbreak
and you have to explain
what needs to be done so that the next outbreak is not so important and
explain postín that there are flat areas and so on
there I went to court are the society has bad press yep
error rogers without them but we would have very badly to deal with atopic nuances and
other inflammatory diseases entity however don pablo clear p skin
of these children received reappears
the parents are desperate the mother despairs
how can we increase it
what health we give these cases a little more remembered in every detail
is the mother this is going to solve and is